[Music]
hey guys welcome back to steam stacks my
name is Mitchell here or some more ESO
tops for ya today we're gonna be going
over the top five fastest ways to level
an elder scrolls online all right
getting right into it number five is to
do the dolmens and group bosses you'll
probably need at least a group of two to
do the group bosses and probably a group
of four or more to do the dolmens excuse
me you'll receive a large experience
rewards towards completing each of these
as there are many high level enemies
that spawn not only that but you'll
usually get a pretty cool item reward at
the end both the group bosses and
dolmens spawned about once every 10
minutes and each area usually has three
or more in them it leaves you enough
time to ride to each one in the area and
complete them back-to-back if you do
that not only will you find yourself
leveling up fast you'll have a bunch of
cool items to deconstruct or sell number
four explore the map and discover points
of interest this is relatively easy to
do especially if you have the
destinations ad on this ad all mark all
the points of interest on your map and
all you have to do to get experience is
walk into them you can level up a couple
levels just by exploring the area's you
can tell if an area is an explore turn
or map if it's black and explored when
it turns of whites speaking of exploring
it would be wise to unlock any and all
treasure chests to come across you get a
big experience reward from them and
there's usually a decent weapon or item
in there number three grinding enemies
yes I know this definitely isn't the
most fun way to level but it's one of
the fastest in the game find a town
where there's a large number of groups
of enemies and beat your head against
them for an hour it's not going to be
fun but if you're desperate enough for
levels this met that is one of the best
and fastest ways to level one number two
do all the dungeons for all the
alliances at around level 12 you'll be
able to do your first dungeon for your
Alliance there's one dungeon per area
for your alliance after you complete
this dungeons quest you'll receive not
only a large experience reward but you
also get a free skill point as well
after you're done with the area's
dungeon you can travel to the two other
alliances equivalent area and do that
dungeon as well keep in mind that you
need a group of four to complete these
quests and it would be a good idea to
follow the format of one healer one tank
and two dps as these dungeons are pretty
challenging if you don't and if one
person isn't doing their jobs these
dungeons can turn into a real
clusterfuck quickly and let me tell you
this is one cluster that you do not want
to
and finally the number one fastest way
to level is doing the area side quests
this one is obvious however you should
not do the side quests that are
associated with an area's main side
quest line you can find these area side
quests by looking on your map
you usually find an icon when you enter
a new town or area that says help these
people do this it'll take you through a
chain of about four or five side quests
and you'll receive small experience
bonuses along the way the difference
between these main side quests and
regular side quests is that not only do
you receive large experience reward at
the end for these main side quests you
will also likely receive a skill point
as well along with some of the best
weapons and armor that you can come
across to your level now I know what a
lot of you are probably saying why not
just do all the side quests anyways well
simply put your time is better spent
doing this or any of the other numbers
on the list doing these regular side
quests barely grants you any regular
experience and usually don't get a good
reward from them whether or not your
personal preference is doing these
regular side quests this list is the
fastest ways level in eso and doing
these other side quests is simply not
the fastest way to level in the other
Scrolls online well that's my list of
the top five fastest ways to level and
other Scrolls online thank you guys so
much for watching make sure you like
this video if you liked it and leave a
comment below of the fastest ways to
level that you found and be sure to hit
that subscribe button so you don't miss
out on any videos if you haven't already
check out my video on the top 5 mods and
Elder Scrolls online as well as my video
of the top 10 tips and tricks for the
other Scrolls online thanks again guys
and I'll be talking at you real soon
peace
[Music]
you